Message-ID: <11248865.1075854394000.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 18 Apr 2001 06:09:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: darron.giron@enron.com
To: greg.couch@enron.com
Subject: RE: Revival of the Risk brown bag sessions
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Darron C Giron
X-To: Greg Couch
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Darron_Giron_Jun2001\Notes Folders\Sent
X-Origin: Giron-D
X-FileName: dgiron.nsf

Greg,

Transport Deals/Transport Model
OA
Relationships between systems (Tagg, Sitara, Portcalc, MetaCalc, Curveview, 
Excel, Access, Pub Posting, TDS)

These are mostly basic.

DG




Greg Couch
04/17/2001 01:16 PM
To: Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT, Darron C 
Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David 
Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Valdes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Martha Stevens/HOU/ECT@ECT, 
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:  
Subject: RE: Revival of the Risk brown bag sessions

Just a reminder to each of you that I requested this info by tomorrow.  I've 
received only one response so far.

Let me know if you have questions.

Greg

---------------------- Forwarded by Greg Couch/HOU/ECT on 04/17/2001 01:13 PM 
---------------------------


Greg Couch
04/10/2001 05:36 PM
To: Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT, Darron C 
Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David 
Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Valdes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Martha Stevens/HOU/ECT@ECT, 
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc: Irena D Hogan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT 
Subject: Revival of the Risk brown bag sessions

I have decided to revive the risk brown bag training sessions.

I need, from each of you, a list of the topics you would like to see 
covered.  I would like to see topics ranging from the most basic, up - 
whatever you feel is necessary for your group.  Please provide these to me no 
later than 04/18.  Feel free to offer anything.  Think about the concepts in 
the training modules while you are compiling your lists.

Once I have the topics, I will work with you to arrange a logical order to 
cover them in.  After that  Irena and I will set up a calendar, with 
approximately one session per month.  I am targeting mid-May for the first 
session.

The format of each session is up to the presenter, but a couple of 
suggestions are: a short presentation followed by Q&A, or an open forum.  
Each session will be led by one of you, a suitable substitute, Jeff, or I, 
depending on the topic.  I will schedule, with your input and cooperation, 
who will present each topic.

I am also sending this note to John and Russ.  

John, I ask that you think about OA concepts that you feel will benefit the 
risk group, help our personnel work better with your group, and help us 
understand your duties better.  I would like for you to present at least a 
couple of topics to us.

Russ, if you think there are Sitara issues that would benefit the group, 
please let me know.

I am open to whether these sessions are mandatory or not.  My feeling is that 
some should be and others (the ones of a more basic nature) should only be 
mandatory for those people you feel need that month's subject matter.  Let me 
know your opinion on this.

With a small investment of your time, I believe this will be an excellent 
vehicle to get (and keep) topics of interest and training in front of your 
people.

I look forward to receiving your lists.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.

Greg 



