a
abb
abdominal
able
about
above
acceptable
acceptance
access
account
acquire
across
act
active
activity
actual
actually
add
address
addresses
administrator
adopted
advise
advised
affairs
affection
affiliate
affiliated
affiliates
after
afternoon
again
agenda
agent
ago
agree
agreed
agreement
agreements
airport
akin
all
allocation
allow
allowed
almost
alot
Adding label : misspelling
Adding label : misspelling
actual ratio : 1.0
already
also
alto
aluminum
alumni
always
am
amendments
amidst
an
and
angelica
anonymous
another
answer
any
anyone
anything
anyway
apparently
appear
application
applications
applies
appreciate
appreciated
approaching
approval
approved
architecture
archive
are
area
arising
around
arranged
arrive
article
articles
as
ask
asked
asking
assessment
assist
assistance
assistant
assn
associate
at
attach
attached
attaching
attachments
attend
attending
attention
attorney
auction
august
authority
authorized
automatic
autumn
availability
available
avenue
aviary
avoid
away
b
baby
back
bad
Adding label : colloquial
balance
balances
balls
bandwagon
bandwidth
bank
banker
bankruptcy
bar
bars
based
basis
batch
batched
bath
bay
bcc
be
beak
been
before
begin
beginning
begins
behalf
behavior
being
believe
bell
below
ben
bench
bent
berry
best
bet
beta
beth
better
between
big
biggest
binding
bird
bit
black
blackie
blend
block
bloom
blueberry
boat
bob
body
bond
booger
both
bottom
bound
box
bragging
brand
break
breakfast
bridge
brighten
broadband
brother
browser
bud
bug
built
business
but
button
buy
buying
buzz
by
c
ca
cable
call
called
calling
cam
campuses
can
cancelled
capacity
car
card
care
carol
cascade
case
cash
catch
catching
category
caught
caused
cc
cell
center
central
certain
certainly
certified
chairman
chance
change
changed
changes
charged
charter
check
cheese
chief
chin
chocolate
choose
chosen
cigarettes
circumstances
city
clasped
class
clean
click
clicking
clip
clock
close
club
coast
code
collateral
collection
college
combined
come
comes
coming
commence
comments
commercial
commission
committee
commodity
communicated
companies
company
comparison
complete
compliments
composing
concentrates
conceptual
concert
conference
confidential
confirm
conflicts
congratulations
congregation
connected
consequences
consider
considering
consistent
consulted
consulting
contact
contain
contained
content
continue
contract
contracts
contrary
contribution
control
convenience
conversations
conversion
convertible
cook
Adding label : colloquial
coons
coordinate
copied
copies
copper
copy
core
corpus
correct
could
council
counsel
count
counter
counterparty
coverage
cowan
crazy
cream
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
create
credit
crow
crowd
curious
current
currently
customer
d
dad
daily
dark
data
date
dated
dates
dating
dawn
day
days
dc
deal
dear
debt
decision
decisions
deductions
deemed
default
deferrals
definately
Adding label : misspelling
actual ratio : 1.0
definitive
degree
del
delayed
delete
delightful
delivered
delivery
dent
department
describe
description
desk
desktop
desmond
determined
develop
developers
development
dial
dickhead
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : colloquial
actual ratio : 2.0
did
difference
dinner
direct
directly
directors
discharge
disclosure
discuss
discussed
discussion
distribution
division
do
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
doctor
doctoring
document
documents
does
doing
domestic
done
dopers
down
Adding label : colloquial
downgrade
download
draft
drafted
drafting
drafts
drinkers
drinking
drinks
drow
duct
due
dump
Adding label : vulgar
during
duties
duty
e
each
earlier
early
earnings
eas
eastern
easy
eating
ed
edge
educational
ees
effort
efforts
either
el
electric
else
elsewhere
email
embarcadero
embedded
employees
enclosed
enclosing
encourages
encouraging
end
ended
energy
enforceable
enforcement
engineering
english
enhancements
enroll
enroute
Adding label : misspelling
actual ratio : 1.0
ensure
entities
equity
errors
established
estimate
estoppel
even
evening
event
ever
every
everyone
everything
evidence
evite
exactly
except
exchange
execute
execution
executive
exercise
expecting
experience
explorer
extend
extension
f
faces
facilities
facility
facsimile
fact
falls
family
fast
Adding label : colloquial
favor
fax
fcc
features
federal
fee
feedback
feeder
feeders
feel
feeling
few
fiber
fidelity
field
fields
figure
fill
final
finalised
finally
finance
financial
find
fine
first
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
fishing
fitness
flat
flight
flood
floor
Adding label : colloquial
floors
fly
flying
follow
followed
following
follows
for
foreign
form
forward
found
founder
free
freedom
freight
friends
frigging
Adding label : vulgar
from
full
fully
fun
Adding label : colloquial
functions
fund
funding
fundraising
funds
funny
furiously
further
furthermore
future
fx
gain
games
gas
Adding label : colloquial
general
generally
gentlemen
get
getting
giants
gifts
give
given
go
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
goes
going
golden
goldsmith
golf
good
Adding label : colloquial
got
gotten
government
grace
graduate
grave
gray
great
green
group
groups
guarantee
guarantees
guarantor
guaranty
guess
guessing
guide
guillotine
gulf
gull
guts
guy
Adding label : colloquial
guys
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
actual ratio : 0.666666666667
ha
had
handled
happened
happy
hard
has
hate
hating
have
having
he
header
headlines
health
hear
heard
hearing
heavy
held
hell
hello
Adding label : colloquial
help
helpful
her
here
hereby
hereto
hey
hi
highlander
highly
him
himself
hired
his
hit
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
hold
holdings
holds
holiday
holidays
holla
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
actual ratio : 1.0
hollow
home
homecoming
hope
hopefully
hoping
host
hosted
hot
hotel
hour
hours
house
housing
how
however
hrs
human
humor
hurdles
hyperlinks
i
id
idea
if
iid
image
immediate
implies
important
in
incensed
include
included
includes
including
inconsistencies
incorrect
increased
independent
index
indicating
indirect
info
inform
information
initial
input
insert
inside
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
inspirational
instructed
instruction
intended
interest
interested
interesting
interests
internet
into
Adding label : colloquial
intriguing
inventory
invested
investment
invitation
invite
invited
invites
invoices
invoicing
involved
is
island
iso
issue
issues
it
item
its
jag
jane
japan
jealous
Adding label : colloquial
jeez
jeff
job
joe
john
join
joint
joke
jones
jump
jumpstarts
jun
junk
just
kay
keep
keeping
ken
kept
key
Adding label : colloquial
keys
kind
king
knew
know
la
landing
language
large
larger
last
late
later
latest
law
lead
leadership
learned
least
leave
lee
left
legal
lent
lessons
let
letter
liability
liable
lido
life
Adding label : colloquial
lifestyle
light
like
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
lil
limited
lines
link
list
listed
lists
lite
little
live
lives
living
loaned
local
location
login
logo
lonely
long
longer
look
looked
looking
looks
lot
lots
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
actual ratio : 0.666666666667
love
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
loved
low
lucy
lunch
m
mac
made
maggie
maggies
magnum
maid
mail
main
make
makes
man
management
manager
mandate
manicure
manner
many
marathon
mark
market
marketplace
markets
married
marshall
mary
master
material
matter
max
may
maybe
me
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
means
medicare
meet
meeting
meetings
members
men
mention
mesquite
message
met
metafile
metal
might
mike
mill
million
mine
miss
missed
mm
money
monitor
monitoring
month
monthly
months
more
morning
mornings
most
motor
motors
move
moves
moving
much
muddy
my
myself
myths
name
national
nature
ne
neck
need
needed
needs
negotiate
neighborhood
net
never
Adding label : colloquial
new
news
next
nice
Adding label : colloquial
night
nights
no
nonetheless
nonspecific
noon
nor
north
not
note
notice
notwithstanding
now
number
ny
observe
of
off
Adding label : colloquial
offer
office
officer
Adding label : colloquial
official
officials
oh
oil
on
once
one
ongoing
online
only
open
operating
opportunity
optics
option
options
or
order
ordinary
original
originally
originals
other
others
our
out
outcome
outstanding
over
overcome
overdue
own
p
pace
pacific
pack
package
page
paid
pain
panel
parking
parks
parkway
part
participant
participants
participate
party
passes
past
paste
pay
paying
payroll
pecker
pending
penis
people
peoples
per
perfect
performance
performed
period
permitting
person
personal
persuade
pertaining
peter
petroleum
ph
Adding label : misspelling
actual ratio : 1.0
phone
photo
pick
picked
pics
picture
pictures
piece
pinnacle
pisses
pl
place
plan
plastics
please
pledged
point
policy
pope
popular
portland
positions
positive
possible
Adding label : colloquial
post
posted
posting
postings
postponed
power
prefer
prepare
prepay
presence
presented
preserving
president
press
pretty
previously
price
prices
pricing
prior
Adding label : colloquial
priority
private
privates
privileged
probably
problems
procedures
proceedings
process
prod
producers
product
products
professor
profile
program
promote
proper
property
proposal
proposals
protein
provided
provides
provisions
public
pulling
pure
pursuant
pursuit
put
qty
question
questions
quick
Adding label : colloquial
quickly
quite
Adding label : misspelling
r
raised
rapacious
raptor
rate
rater
rates
rather
re
read
reads
ready
real
really
Adding label : colloquial
reason
receipt
receive
received
receiving
recipient
recoup
reel
refer
referenced
referred
refining
regarding
registration
rejected
relate
release
relevant
relied
remain
remember
reminders
remove
replace
replaced
replacing
reply
report
reported
represent
representative
reps
request
requested
rescheduled
reservations
reserved
reserving
resistance
resolution
resolve
resource
resources
respect
respond
response
responsible
rest
restructuring
results
resume
return
review
reviewing
revised
revision
revisions
rick
rid
right
rights
river
road
rob
roll
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
room
rsvp
ruined
rulemaking
run
s
sacks
saddle
said
sailing
sales
same
san
saved
savings
saw
say
schedule
scheduled
schedules
scheduling
scholarships
school
sea
search
second
security
see
seem
seems
seen
sees
sellers
send
sender
senior
sent
separator
seriously
served
service
Adding label : vulgar
services
several
shall
shareholder
sharing
she
sheet
sheets
shelf
ship
shipping
shit
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
Adding label : vulgar
actual ratio : 1.0
shopping
shortly
shot
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
should
showing
side
Adding label : colloquial
sides
sign
signatures
signed
signing
simply
since
single
site
situation
size
Adding label : colloquial
sleeping
sleeve
slight
small
smaller
smelting
smith
so
soccer
social
soiree
sole
solution
some
someone
something
sometime
soon
sorry
sounds
southeast
sp
speaking
special
Adding label : colloquial
specie
specific
spin
spoke
sponsor
sponsored
sports
square
Adding label : colloquial
stage
standardization
standardized
start
status
stay
steak
steering
steps
still
stock
stocks
stop
storage
story
Adding label : colloquial
street
stressed
strictly
strip
stripped
structure
structuring
stuck
student
stuff
Adding label : vulgar
sub
subject
subscriber
subscription
subsequent
subsidiaries
subtotal
such
suggested
suit
suite
summary
summer
supply
support
sure
surprise
survive
suspicious
swallowed
swaps
system
t
take
taken
takes
taking
talk
talked
tape
targeting
tariff
tax
taxes
team
technology
telecom
teleconference
tell
ten
tent
tentative
term
terminated
terms
text
Adding label : colloquial
than
thank
thanks
thanksgiving
that
the
their
them
then
there
these
they
thing
things
think
third
this
those
though
thought
thoughts
thousands
threat
threats
three
through
thus
ticket
tickets
time
times
timing
tips
tired
to
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : misspelling
today
together
Adding label : colloquial
told
toll
tom
tomorrow
too
tool
topics
total
touch
tour
track
trade
trading
traffic
trailer
transcript
transfer
transfers
transit
transition
transmission
trashed
treated
trip
trouble
true
try
trying
tuft
turning
two
tx
type
u
under
understanding
unfortunate
unfortunately
universe
university
unrealistic
unrecognized
unsubstantiated
until
up
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
update
updates
upgrade
upon
us
Adding label : colloquial
use
users
using
utility
utilize
valuation
value
vanguard
vanilla
Adding label : colloquial
vault
vehicle
verified
verify
version
versions
versus
very
via
vice
view
vintage
visit
volunteer
volunteers
w
wait
want
wanted
ward
warren
was
water
Adding label : colloquial
Adding label : colloquial
way
we
web
website
week
weekend
weeks
weird
well
went
were
west
what
Adding label : colloquial
whatever
when
whenever
Adding label : colloquial
where
wherein
which
while
who
whole
Adding label : colloquial
will
windmill
window
winning
winter
wire
wireless
wishes
with
withdraw
within
without
witnessed
women
won
wondered
wonderful
wonderfully
wondering
woody
words
work
working
workload
worksheets
workstation
worldwide
worst
worth
would
writes
writing
wrong
wrote
ya
yahoo
yeah
year
years
Adding label : colloquial
yes
Adding label : colloquial
yesterday
yo
Adding label : colloquial
york
you
young
your
yourself
youth
Writing to file : wiktionary_dev_labels.txt
